---
layout: minutes
date: September 8, 2019
---

- Create the Competition Teams
- Make sure people know what to expect when they decide to join

- Figure out how teams are chosen
- Have the teams compete to do a certain thing
- Judging will be based on pre-determined criteria
- Team points listed on leaderboards (on website/Discord)

- Size of teams - smaller the better?
- Maybe anybody can make their own team (with an application form)

- Called "Design Leagues" - they're the goal of Innovate Trent
- Should they have their own page on website/own site? - maybe a completely different page

- Incentives for winning:
  - Badges

- Advertising informally can be done at EC Hacks 2019

Competition Teams Page:
- Description
- News about competition teams, events, leaderboards, etc.
- Put actual prizes on each list
- Squares for each team with one logo - maybe separate page and who's on the team and badges

Merge pull requests to create/edit teams
- Post tutorial on how to do it
- JSON form maybe on back-end
- Maybe even Discord bots/themes
- Person dedicated to the team onboarding process
- Web forms?

Work on a pitch
- What we're doing
- Where to go (meeting times) - put on website
- Link Discord profiles on team members

Bi-weekly - Friday - starting this Friday (10-12)

- Investigate indellible Discord IDs in developer mode
  - Unlocking emotes with badges? - getting bots to delete emotes unless you have the badge to use them?
  - Dynamically-get the picture from their Discord for the teams site

- Sean will be handling the Twitter

- Maybe use TOML to store the team's data

- Fix CodeRcar for Wednesday

- How do we pick teams
  - Sorting hat bot?

- There should be a ranking system - different levels of badges

- We need a bank account at some point - keep track of receipts in the mean-time

- For Wednesday:
  - Big sheet of paper with all the links so people can take pictures and QR Codes
  - Sign-up sheet for e-mails or Google Spreadsheet?
  - Maybe get a banner printed if it doesn't take too long
  - Bring lots of tape so wind doesn't destroy our table's setup

- Other marketing stuff:
  - Make posters
  - Google Calender on website?
  - Media is a really important thing right now; once we get more people we can figure things out
  - Replace Big Buck Bunny with a quickie intro slideshow

3 Teams - Red, Blue, Green
- R - Josh, Matthew
- G - Sean
- B - Devon

First Challenge for the Competition Teams:
- **Sell me this pen**

- Get a list of skills that people can do/are good at doing

- Make a budget before anything else financial is done

- Keep people active in the Discord with emoji/reactions and stuff

- Make roles/subchannels in the Discord for each page

- **Imagine - Create - Compete: the new motto**
